Safiet Khot DOCTOR Disciplined and responsible ENT professional with over 6 years of clinical experience. Well versed in medical coding, including ICD-10-CM. I have strong knowledge of fundamental medical disciplines, understand the clinical diagnoses and conditions, procedures and medical services. I have strong experience in examination and treatment of ear nose and throat diseases, hearing loss, vertigo. Conduct and interpret diagnostic tests such as Audiometry, Tympanometry, Otoacoustic emission, able to fit hearing aids. As a healthcare professional I have natural communication skills, empathy and passion for making people healthier. I always put patients first. II'm looking for opportunities in healthcare and eager to become a part of the team with strong principles of humanity. WORK EXPERIENCE 2016-2018 Otolaryngology resident Kuban State Medical University, otolaryngology department Examination and treatment of a wide range of ear, nose and throat diseases. Performing surgeries in the ENT department such as tonsillectomy, adenotomy, septoplasty, vasotomy. Working on duty in the emergency department, treating such conditions as acute sinusitis, tonsillitis, epistaxis, nasal fracture, traumatic injuries of ENT organs. Educating and supporting patients to follow the recommendations Providing medical care. Working with medical coding, accurately gathering patients` data. 2018-current Doctor otolaryngologist The State Budgetary Healthcare Institution "Municipal Polyclinic No.5 of the city of Krasnodar" Working as a member of a multidisciplinary team helping patients with a wide range of clinical conditions including ear,nose and throat diseases, hearing loss, tinnitus Working with medical coding and claims, communicate with insurance companies. March 2021 -March 2022 Doctor otolaryngologist Medeast clinic Examination and treatment of ear, nose and throat diseases Monitoring of patient`s condition and progress, re-evaluation of diagnostic plan and treatment March 2022 -current Doctor otolaryngologist, audiologist Surdocenter-Kuban Provide diagnostic procedures, treatment and rehabilitation methods for patients with such conditions as hearing loss, balance disorder. Conduct assessment of hearing with the patients' hearing aids and providing assistance for patients in adaptation process. +971585869430 safietkhot@gmail.com Dubai, United Arab Emirates EDUCATION 2010-2016 Bachelor's degree in General Medicine, Kuban State Medical University With honors 2016-2018 Master's degree in Otolaryngology, Kuban State Medical University 2018 Professional retraining course in audiology, Kuban State Medical University SKILLS Medicine Healthcare Good interpersonal skills and the ability to function as a team member Customer service Medical claims Strong understanding of ICD-10- CM requirements and procedures Great communication abilities Ability to multi-task Disciplined,Enthusiastic 